# FED2024Assg1_P06_S10259209
FED_Assignment1 - Guitar Repairs Webpage

The main idea behind the webpage is to advertise guitar repairs for those who dont have the tools or knowledge to fix their broken guitars. The  webpage will give a basic explanation into the business and how we can help guitar enthusiast fix their broken guitars and restore it as good as possible especially since the store is run by guitar enthusiasts who have a passion for music. The webpage will also inform them about the plethora of fixes available and their expertise in fixing guitars through years of experience. There will also be a testimony page which is aimed to reassure and convice viewers to contact the business to help with their broken guitars through trustworthy and detailed reviews. Lastly. there includes a contact page to inform viewers of all the ways they can contact the business for guitar repairs and a form that gives viewers easy access to help contact the business and book an appointment.

Design Process
The entire webpage is easily accesable through the navigation bar that can access all the 5 HTML pages which is on every webpage. The webpage also uses background photos of a guitar store and a beige design which is the color of most guitars to be more appealing to the viewers of the website. The website also uses the mix of fonts to not be tiring on the eyes of the viewers and bolds titles, heading and reduces the font size of paragraphs or texts that arent as important to the viewer. The website is aimed to be easy on the eyes and easily navigatable to all the viewers to inform them on the business and its services and provides an easy way for them to fill in a form or learn about the ways they can contact the business.
